this is an 89 model Ford 6610 the 10
series was built between about 1981 up
into the early 90s 91 92 there abouts
but this is about as clean an example as
you can find as you can tell the tires
are in great shape the paint is in great
shape the seals around the windows and
the doors it has had a paint job but
just looking at the cosmetics the hood
here the grille hasn't been bashed in
all that looks really really good it's
got a little protective plate there in
front of the diesel tank do a
walk-around you've got three sets of
remotes 540 rpm PTO rear end looks
really good no leaks glass this this
stuff here is actually it looks like
somebody at one time put some window
tint some window tint on the on the
windows and that's just that stuff
coming off it's not crack glass or
anything but rear fenders not beat-up
not bashed in there again the tires look
really good this is a series 2 model
and the cab has a square top cab that
just helps you know that it's a later
model 6610 going inside really clean
nice the headliner is in good shape the
seats in good shape the floor is nice
and clean get a little toolbox here on
the side put your tools
the transmission is a very basic
transmission you just have your low and
high range lever lever here and a one
two three four with a reverse on this
one a very basic very bulletproof Ford's
the 66 1056 since we're all based off
the old Ford 5000 frame design came out
in the mid 60's and really the really
good solid tractors this shows they have
three thousand one hundred and fifty
five hours on it and looking at the
condition of the tractor I'd say that
that's accurate
engine sounds good and get through the
foot throttle there
glass is a little dusty but but
everything looks really good so just
come by a wall tractor in Seguin Texas
and and come take a look at this machine
I think you'll really like it's a really
good clean tractor you can call us at
one eight hundred two nine two one five
six eight thanks a lot